Page 7, first paragraph of section 3.2: "mis-match" should be
"mismatch".  In our typeset version, the word is split at the page
boundary ("mis-" at the end of one line and "match" at the beginning
of the next), but in the JINST proof, the word appears in the middle
of a line.

Title of section 5.1.2: we have been capitalizing "Ansatz" everywhere
that it is used, so it should not be lower-cased here.

Page 17, first paragraph: "the reduction is primarily due to the pT
selection and the requirement that cosmic-ray trajectories to pass
through the tracker)" is bad English; can be corrected by replacing
"to pass" with "pass".  (Our error, which escaped previous
proofreadings.)

I liked having figure 7, and tables 1 and 2 all on the same page
because the reader needs to make comparisons between these three.  At
least it would be better if tables 1 and 2 were next to each other.
If we can't control this aspect of the typesetting, then that's okay.

Same thing for figures 8 and 9 and table 3.  Again for figure 10 and
table 4.

Page 20, last full paragraph, last sentence.  There are two
parenthetical phrases, "(proportional to Delta x)" and "(approximately
proportional to Delta dx/dz)".  "Proportional" is the wrong word: it
should be "equivalent" in both cases.  Again, this was overlooked in
our copy.

Page 22, last full paragraph (last paragraph of section 5.5), last few
words: "has been repaired by alignment procedure" should be "has been
repaired by the alignment procedure".  (Also in our copy.)

Equation 5.4: both summations are over index "i".  The second one (sum
over tracks) should have index "j".

