\section{Conclusions}

In a model-independent search for groups of collimated muons from $m_1
\to \mu\mu$, we found zero events consistent with two or more $m_1$
decays in the same event, and no excess over backgrounds for single,
high-$p_T$ $m_1$ decays.  Relaxing the assumption that $m_1$ must be
on-shell in $m_2 \to m_1 m_1 \to 4\mu$ cascades and searching for any
collimated group of four or more muons, we found one event, but this
event is fully consistent with expected backgrounds from fake muons.
All CMS Run 2010A and 2010B events with four or more muons and two
high-$p_T$ muons with $m_{\mbox{\scriptsize inv}} < 5$~GeV/$c^2$ are
presented with background PDFs in Fig.~\ref{fig:signalregion_events}.

With these observations, three limits on any new physics producing
low-mass multi-muons are presented in
Fig.~\ref{fig:signalregion_limits}.  New physics producing four or
more muons is excluded above a $\sigma \times \mathcal{B} \times
\alpha_{\mbox{\scriptsize gen}}$ of 0.1~pb at 95\% confidence level,
corresponding to a limit of three events, as no background was
observed.  The limit for high-$p_T$ low-mass dimuons is more complex,
as it was extracted from a channel with Standard Model backgrounds.

To illustrate the use of these model-independent results, we applied
it to three benchmark models with acceptances presented in
Table~\ref{tab:acceptance_benchmarks} and
Appendix~\ref{sec:appendix_reco_eff}.  These limits are shown in
Figs.~\ref{fig:ulimit} and \ref{fig:ulimit2}.
